# Team Super Mega Awesome Cool Cats
## Team Members
* [Andrew Brand CE](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-brand-8657261b7/)
* [John Peecook CE](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-b-peecook-jr-a3baa7226/)
* [Meg Jones CS](https://www.linkedin.com/in/meg-n-jones/)

## Advisor
* [John Gallagher](gallagj9@ucmail.uc.edu)

## Project Abstract
In today’s society, there are only a few ways to build out video games. One way would be through a step-by-step tutorial on a coding website, designed to teach the user to build a specific game. Another would be blindly stepping into a project with only YouTube video tutorials and online documentation of different functions to guide you. Both ways aren’t as accessible to the younger crowd, those people who don’t have as much focus on learning for the sake of learning and don’t have the energy to do something that isn’t fun. Our project, 2Deisgn It, aims to bridge the gap between those step-by-step tutorials and running through a video game, better balancing out learning how to code and the enjoyment from playing through a video game. 2Design It is a 2D platforming game with abilities unlocked by progressing through each level. Our game aims to simulate the process of building out a game in Unity through a series of coding-based questions the user must answer to unlock an ability or pass through an obstacle. To answer these questions, the user can either choose to go down a path to a button, which they jump on to unlock the ability, or they may interact with signs containing answers, which turn green when the user has chosen correctly, and unlock the abilities. Further development in this project could lead to more interactive questions, with fill-in-the-blank options and typing in the code yourself being prime candidates for implementation in our game. 2Design It received great feedback from testers and interested people at both expos it was a part of, with a few people mentioning it would be beneficial to see further development on it in the future. Further working into this game and into this genre of gaming can lead to a boom in young people interested in programming earlier on. Young people getting an interest in a field they want to pursue is always a benefit, and ultimately leads to more ideas and progress in the field of computing and coding. The results and feed back we received demonstrated a need for more educational games that appeal to a younger audience and showed parents having a great interest in using it to facilitate their children learning how to code. There is a lack of competition in this area of education, and 2Design It goes to show there are several groups of people who would benefit from it.
