## Final Self Assessment


Over the course of my time working on 2Design It with my capstone group, I’ve learned a lot in the realm of building out a product and in overcoming unforeseen obstacles that impacted the course of our design. In the build of this capstone project, I contributed two of the six levels, implemented scripting for 4 different abilities, and interaction scripting for the answer signs in our 2D platformer, 2Design It. Although our initial project was something akin to a combative simulator, we still applied the same logic into our game. In the Fall, our group was focused on building out a 2D combat simulator from the list of projects given to the Computer Engineering students. However, there were issues reaching out to the professor in charge of the project, and we were not well connected with our project advisor. So, we lost a good chunk of time last semester due to administrative issues and working across two different majors.


In the spring semester, we connected with our project advisor and set up weekly meetings with him to track our progress and build out our new project, 2Design It [A Beginner’s Game to Programming in Unity]. We focused on learning the Unity interface and implementing script behaviors for objects and entities in the game, building out our coding experience in C#. Since we lost a semester of progress in the Fall, we worked quickly to create a storyboard and decide how we want the player to progress through the game. On top of building things out via C# and the unity UI, we also had to focus on the design of the levels, and how to make obstacles impossible to pass without answering the coding questions. Through this project, I built up my competencies in C# and Unity, while also building out my skills in design and developing plotlines for gameplay. In the end, I succeeded in building out my two levels without major bugs, and when they were brought up to me, I was able to fix them prior to the CEAS Expo. I chose to implement the ability unlocks using static variables, which is a different implementation from my co-developers and ultimately aided in my understanding of different ways to set up an unlockable.
